Feature: Navigate with environment variables (#96)
mattstermiller/koffee: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- Changes UI to use new dark theme
- Adds "Open File and Exit" command
- #92 Adds per-folder storage of sort settings (Thanks @jilleJr)

> - #92 Adds support for `%APPDATA%`-esque input in location field (Thanks @jilleJr)

Reviewer: This issue is 96. You could describe this as "Adds support for environment variable substitution in path box"

Author: Lol oops! And yea that's better phrased.

```suggestion
- #96 Adds support for environment variable substitution in path box (Thanks @jilleJr)
```
